this is a ruin man so that elizabeth
megabit apart an this is there with that
sure she sharp i have his father pierre
van is like
I have no idea what is political
class of say nice to you
meet I am gerard of children
no problem
and that the children no sinan
so and what is children no objection
and who do you want hello I have earlier
called
yes I know that, but we had a little while
no vision sorry gerard wants a basket
straw open for all high twitter
do not you know what haunts my head
not especially an afternoon for example
from such a luns of green and mangerie
timon jury
a waiter job
it all happens there that
productive
we had to take it
if it so
shit shit shit shit shit shit
the teepee social evening yes yes beating